NYU Tandon School of Engineering
CS-UY 3113 Fall 2026
Project 1: Simple 2D Scene
Due: Monday, Oct 5th, 11:59PM
Submission instructions
You must use delta time in your animations. 

You should submit your homework on Brightspace. 

You should also push that same version to your GitHub account. Note that any commits done after the deadline will be ignored. 

Just submit your github link with all your files within your project 

Do not use any Raylib functionality that we have not learned in class. 

The main.cpp file you submit should contain a header comment block as follows:

/**

* Author: [Your name here]

* Assignment: Pong Clone

* Date due: [mm/dd/yyyy]

* I pledge that I have completed this assignment without

* collaborating with anyone else, in conformance with the

* NYU School of Engineering Policies and Procedures on

* Academic Misconduct.

**/


No late submissions will be accepted.

Requirement 1: At Least Three Objects
There needs to be at least three different “objects” in the scene. 

Each object must use a different texture. These textures must not be solid colours, but images. You may use any images that you like that we have not used in class.

Requirement 2: Relative Position 
At least one of your objects must be transforming in relation to another object.

Requirement 3: Transformations
Have every one of your objects translate in a pattern other than up and down or left and right. 

Each object must translate in a slightly different pattern. 

You may use orbiting from our first classwork project as one of your patterns. 

At least one of your objects must be rotating. 

At least one of your objects must be scaling.

Tips
Go to the TA's office if you need help setting up your environment.

Add a theme to your scene! It’s a lot more fun to work on something that involves things that you like than if it’s just random objects floating around.

Extra Credit
Have the game's background color also change in some sort of pattern.

Submit
Please push your code to GitHub repo and submit the link to your GitHub repo.

Please make sure that it is a public repo and clearly indicate which is your project folder and which is your project 1.